FedCM Chrome 120 updates (#7707)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/fedcm-chrome-120-updates/index.md

user is signed out from all their IdP accounts. For each IdP (identified by its
config URL) the browser keeps a tri-state variable representing the login state
with possible values "logged-in", "logged-out", and "unknown. The default state
is "unknown".

To signal that the user is signed in, send an `Set-Login: logged-in` HTTP header
in a top-level navigation or a same-origin subresource request:

```http
Set-Login: logged-in
```

Alternatively, call the JavaScript API `navigator.login.setStatus("logged-in")`
from the IdP origin:

```js
navigator.login.setStatus("logged-in")
```

These calls record the user's login status as logged-in. When the user's login
status is set to logged-in, the RP calling FedCM makes requests to the IdP's
accounts list endpoint and displays available accounts to the user in the FedCM
dialog.

To signal that the user is signed out from all their accounts, send `Set-Login:
logged-out` HTTP header in a top-level navigation or a same-origin subresource
request:

```http
Set-Login: logged-out
```

Alternatively, call the JavaScript API `IdentityProvider.logout()` from the IdP
origin:

```js
navigator.login.setStatus("logged-out")
```

> These calls record the user's login status as "sign-out". When the user's login

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These calls record the user's login status as "signed-out." When the user's login
```

Status API. We introduce this status for better transition because a user may
have already signed in to the IdP when we ship this API and the IdP may not have
a chance to signal this to the browser by the time FedCM is first invoked. In
this case, we make a request to the IdP's accounts list endpoint and update the
status based on the response from the accounts list endpoint:

* If the endpoint returns a list of active accounts, update the status to
  "logged-in" and open the FedCM dialog to show those accounts.
* If the endpoint returns no accounts, update the status to "logged-out" and
  fail the FedCM call.

### What if the user session expires? Let the user sign in through a dynamic login flow!

Even though the IdP keeps informing the user's login status to the browser, it
could be out of sync, such as when the session expires. The browser tries to
send a credentialed request to the accounts list endpoint when the login status
is "logged-in", but the server returns no accounts because the session is no
longer available. In such a scenario, the browser can dynamically let the user
sign in to the IdP through a popup window.

> The FedCM dialog will display a message as shown in the following image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FedCM dialog displays a message suggesting a sign in, as shown in the following image.
```
